[docs] Recommend setting HTML attribute instead of DOM property for RTL (#42599)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/customization/right-to-left/right-to-left.md

> If your React app doesn't control the root `<html>`, use the JavaScript API before the component tree is rendered, as a workaround:

Reviewer: This feels more accurate:

```suggestion
If you can't set the `dir` attribute directly on the the root `<html>`  element, as a workaround, use the JavaScript API before the page is rendered:
```

Author: Updated
